the burden against the wilderness of the
the burden against the wilderness of the sea as whirl winds in the south pass
sea as whirl winds in the south pass
sea as whirl winds in the south pass through so it comes from the desert from
through so it comes from the desert from
through so it comes from the desert from a terrible land a distressing vision is
a terrible land a distressing vision is
a terrible land a distressing vision is declared to me the treacherous dealer
declared to me the treacherous dealer
declared to me the treacherous dealer deals treacherously and the plunderer
deals treacherously and the plunderer
deals treacherously and the plunderer plunders go up Oh Elam besiege ohmy dia
plunders go up Oh Elam besiege ohmy dia
plunders go up Oh Elam besiege ohmy dia all its sighing I have made to cease
all its sighing I have made to cease
all its sighing I have made to cease therefore my loins are filled with pain
therefore my loins are filled with pain
therefore my loins are filled with pain pangs have taken hold of me like the
pangs have taken hold of me like the
pangs have taken hold of me like the pangs of a woman in labor I was
pangs of a woman in labor I was
pangs of a woman in labor I was distressed when I heard it I was
distressed when I heard it I was
distressed when I heard it I was dismayed when I saw it my heart wavered
dismayed when I saw it my heart wavered
dismayed when I saw it my heart wavered fearfulness frightened me the night for
fearfulness frightened me the night for
fearfulness frightened me the night for which I longed he turned into fear for
which I longed he turned into fear for
which I longed he turned into fear for me prepare the table set a watchman in
me prepare the table set a watchman in
me prepare the table set a watchman in the tower eat and drink of rise you
the tower eat and drink of rise you
the tower eat and drink of rise you princes anoint the shield for thus as
princes anoint the shield for thus as
princes anoint the shield for thus as the Lord said to me go set a watchman
the Lord said to me go set a watchman
the Lord said to me go set a watchman let him declare what he sees and he saw
let him declare what he sees and he saw
let him declare what he sees and he saw a chariot with a pair of horsemen a
a chariot with a pair of horsemen a
a chariot with a pair of horsemen a chariot of donkeys and a chariot of
chariot of donkeys and a chariot of
chariot of donkeys and a chariot of camels and he listened earnestly with
camels and he listened earnestly with
camels and he listened earnestly with great care then he cried a lie and my
great care then he cried a lie and my
great care then he cried a lie and my lord I stand continually on the
lord I stand continually on the
lord I stand continually on the watchtower in the daytime I have sat at
watchtower in the daytime I have sat at
watchtower in the daytime I have sat at my post every night and look here comes
my post every night and look here comes
my post every night and look here comes a chariot of men with a pair of horsemen
a chariot of men with a pair of horsemen
a chariot of men with a pair of horsemen then he answered and said babylon is
then he answered and said babylon is
then he answered and said babylon is fallen is fallen and all the carved
fallen is fallen and all the carved
fallen is fallen and all the carved images of her gods he has broken to the
images of her gods he has broken to the
images of her gods he has broken to the ground
ground
ground oh my threshing and the grain of my
oh my threshing and the grain of my
oh my threshing and the grain of my floor that which I have heard from the
floor that which I have heard from the
floor that which I have heard from the Lord of hosts the God of Israel I have
Lord of hosts the God of Israel I have
Lord of hosts the God of Israel I have declared to you the burden against Duma
declared to you the burden against Duma
declared to you the burden against Duma he calls to me out of Seir watchman
he calls to me out of Seir watchman
he calls to me out of Seir watchman what of the night watchman what of the
what of the night watchman what of the
what of the night watchman what of the night the watchman said the morning
night the watchman said the morning
night the watchman said the morning comes and also the night
comes and also the night
comes and also the night if you will inquire inquire return come
if you will inquire inquire return come
if you will inquire inquire return come back the burden against Arabia in the
back the burden against Arabia in the
back the burden against Arabia in the forest in Arabia you will Lodge oh you
forest in Arabia you will Lodge oh you
forest in Arabia you will Lodge oh you traveling companies of detta Knights o
traveling companies of detta Knights o
traveling companies of detta Knights o inhabitants of the land of tema bring
inhabitants of the land of tema bring
inhabitants of the land of tema bring water to him who is thirsty with their
water to him who is thirsty with their
water to him who is thirsty with their bread they met him who fled for they
bread they met him who fled for they
bread they met him who fled for they fled from the swords from the drawn
fled from the swords from the drawn
fled from the swords from the drawn sword from the bit bow and from the
sword from the bit bow and from the
sword from the bit bow and from the distress of war for thus the Lord has
distress of war for thus the Lord has
distress of war for thus the Lord has said to me within a year according to
said to me within a year according to
said to me within a year according to the year of a hired man all the glory of
the year of a hired man all the glory of
the year of a hired man all the glory of Kedar will fail and the remainder of the
Kedar will fail and the remainder of the
Kedar will fail and the remainder of the number of archers the mighty men of the
number of archers the mighty men of the
number of archers the mighty men of the people of Kedah will be diminished for
people of Kedah will be diminished for
people of Kedah will be diminished for the Lord God of Israel has spoken it